(Yuya)
Previously on "YuGiOh! Arc‐V"...
(Sylvio)
Welcome to the Leo Institute
of Dueling!
(excited gasping)
Hey!
These gents have also
become big fans of yours.
They're curious about the
cards you use to Pendulum
Summon.
(Yuya)
Here they‐‐
They're mine.
I'm adding them to my
rare card collection!
Oh, So that's why you
invited Yuya to your school!
It's not the only reason.
Naturally, I need to learn
how to use the cards.
(man)
Dueling wasn't
part of the plan.
Report here immediately
with the cards and‐‐
(man)
No!
Let him be.
Mr. President...
Do not interfere
with Sylvio.
(all)
Yuya, help us!
Now I'll select
an Action Field.
Prison Tower of Darkville!
(screaming)
Yuya!
Get us down
from here!
I'm coming, guys!
(Sylvio)
You want to save
your friends?
Then give me what I want.
Duel me now.
All right, then...
(both)
Let's duel.
Do exactly as you're told.
For my first move, I select
Scale 1 Stargazer Magician...
You will also use your Scale 8
Timegazer Magician!
... and my Scale 8
And next, you'll set...
And next, I'll set...
the Pendulum Scale!
(both)
Pendulum Summon!
(Sylvio)
Monsters, emerge!
It worked!
Well done, Sylvio.
Now take aim
and strike Yuya down!
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
It worked!?
(Sylvio)
I got three monsters,
just like that!
Pendulum Summoning is sweet!
I've become the most powerful
duelist in the world!
And now that I can
Pendulum Summon on my own,
I think I'll use that power
to finish you off!
You'll make an easy target
for my Dart Strikers!
Power Dart Striker,
I'll let you do the honors!
Blast Yuya's Skeeter
Skimmer out of the water!
Quick, get moving!
Ah! An Action Card!
(grunting)
Oh no, not again!
Don't do it!
It could be another trap!
Hah, I see you finally managed
to learn something.
But there's nothing
you can do to save yourself.
My Skeeter Skimmer's schemier
than you think!
By switching to defense mode,
it can deflect your Darts
so they miss their mark!
That bug's really
starting to bug me!
Good thing, I have two more
Dart Strikers
eager for target practice!
Rocket Dart Striker,
fire when ready!
Torpedo that Skeeter Skimmer!
Whoa...
I just sunk
your bug boat, twerp!
And now, Ultimate Dart Striker
will sink you.
(nervous groan)
Ultimate Dart Striker,
attack Yuya directly!
Dart Destruction!
(Sylvio)
Ultimate Dart Striker,
attack Yuya directly!
Dart Destruction!
(crying)
I'm a goner!
(Yuza)
No, you're not!
Yuya won't give up till
he gets us down from here
so stay calm and hang on!
Okay?
(Sylvio)
I'll end my turn now.
Then I'll give you one last
chance to beg me for mercy.
It's the only possible way
you can save yourself
and your friends.
(Yuya)
I can't trust that creep
to free Zuzu and the others!
But how am I supposed
to put up a fight,
when Silvio's
holding my go‐to cards?
I wish my Dad were here to help
me come up with an answer!
(man)
Try to laugh
when you feel like crying.
And when things get tough...
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
(Yuya laughing)
You're about to lose
and your laughing?
I guess it makes sense
'cause your dueling has
been pretty hysterical.
(Yuya)
I'm not gonna let this
guy rock my confidence!
It's showtime!
I draw!
♪
I summon the web weaving
Block Spider!
That eight legged loser is as
pathetic and weak as you are.
If you're trying
to intimidate me,
you failed miserably.
Go ahead and attack me!
In a few seconds,
you're gonna regret
you ever gave me
this card, Sylvio.
That was one of my cards?
I don't even remember
having it in my deck.
Block Spider can spin
a protective web
that'll shield any monsters
I have from being attacked!
That might be useful
if you actually had any other
monsters on your field...
but it's all alone.
Not for long!
First, I have to switch
Block Spider into defense mode!
Go for it, Blocky!
That'll let me activate
my spell Mimiclay!
A famous magician
conjured up Mimiclay
so he could make exact replicas
of anything he desired!
As a spell card,
it can morph itself into any
monster on the field...
and not just in appearance,
it also gains the same abilities
of the monster it copies!
So you're going to replicate one
of my Dart monsters, is that it?
Sorry, but you're
a bit off the mark.
I'm using Mimiclay
to duplicate...
the monster on my field!
Block Spider?
(Yuya)
That's right, Silvio!
And here's' another shocker!
The newly copied monster
is automatically
summoned to my field.
So now you have two worthless
web weaving weaklings
instead of just one!
No...
Block Spider's a lot
tougher than you think!
When there's two of them
they can do this...
Block Lock!
Now your three Dart Strikers
aren't able to attack me!
How could I let those lousy
cards ground my monsters!
(Yuya)
He may think
these cards are useless,
but I know they'll
come through for me.
I'll place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
It's your move!
(growling)
Now I draw!
(beeping)
Huh?
(Declan)
According to my analysis,
those two Magicians are
currently Spell Cards.
That may be the trick
you need right now.
They're spells?
They're not
monsters right now?
Pendulum Cards are almost
as amazing as I am!
I'll use the spell Cricket
Close to close out your
strategy!
It lets me negate
the effects
of one of your cards.
As long as I negate
two spells on my field.
Huh?
Better double‐check
your field, Sylvio.
You don't have the two
spell cards you need!
Or so you think.
Clearly, you haven't
understood the true potential
of the Pendulum cards
you "traded" away!
My Magicians are
treated as spell cards!
Stargazer and Timegazer's
effects are negated
so that Cricket Close
can spin into action!
(monsters grunting)
(Sylvio)
I'll use its power to deform
your pliable pal
back into a dumpy lump!
My Mimiclay!
(Sylvio)
Since it's lost its effect,
your Mimiclay gets
sent to the graveyard!
(growling)
Without Mimiclay,
your Block Spider is once again
exposed as a third‐rate monster.
It's a perfect match for you,
since you're
a third‐rate duelist!
I'll finish both of you
easily now!
Don't count me out yet!
I activate the spell
Draw Muscle!
It helps me
muscle up a monster!
Since my Block Spider has less
than 1,000 defense points,
I can draw one card
from my deck!
If I draw a monster card,
I can add its defense points to
strengthen my Spider's shield!
Everything depends
on this draw...
... and I can't hold back!
Excellent!
This might sting a bit!
I just drew
Kaleidoscorp!
It has 2,300 defense points
and thanks
to Draw Muscle
I can add those points
on to my Block Spider!
Luck sure is on your side...
but I'll still find a way to
take your Block Spider apart!
(Yuya)
Go ahead and try!
Draw Muscle has another effect
that makes my Spider
indestructible.
So it's safe and sound!
(Sylvio)
You're trying to make me look
like a fool, aren't you?
But there's only one fool on
this field and isn't me.
(Sylvio laughing)
With my superior
grasp of dueling,
I knew you'd make a last‐ditch
move to save yourself.
So I held back
to test your defenses.
Now that I've exposed
your strategy,
I can increase
my onslaught accordingly!
I tribute Power Dart Striker
and Rocket Dart Striker,
which will allow me
to crank up the firepower
of Ultimate Dart Striker!
♪
It was already
the most destructive
dart dealer ever devised,
but thanks to Power Dart's
special ability,
Ultimate Dart Striker gains
another 600 attack points!
(gasps)
But Ultimate Dart Striker
also benefits from Rocket
Dart's special ability!
When it attacks
a monster in defense mode,
and Ultimate Striker's
attack points
outweigh that
monsters defense points,
then the difference
hits you as damage!
Ultimate Dart Striker,
zero in on Block Spider!
Bull's‐eye Blast!
You're going out
with a bang!
♪
(screaming)
(gasping)
It's time to
swing into action!
I activate my trap
Empty Fishing!
It cuts the damage I take
in half, so I'm still alive.
But that's not all!
Two cards on the field
that lost their effects
are added to my hand!
But which two cards had
their effects negated?
My Magicians!
Not yours!
Those Magicians
belong to me!
Timegazer and Stargazer,
welcome back
to Team Yuya!
(screaming)
(Yuya)
My friends need help!
Catch them!
Hurry!
(Tate)
Whoa...
That was close!
(Zuzu and Allie screaming)
Thanks, you guys!
Awesome work!
(Sylvio)
Wait!
How did a clueless loser like
you pull that move off?
I trust my gut.
And so I followed it.
Well, this move will
make you think twice
about ever doing that again.
I activate Ultimate Dart
Striker's special ability!
I can summon all the Dart
monsters I tributed!
That's more like it!
He brought his
whole team back!
You did get
your friends down,
but that's nothing compared to
how badly I'll take you down!
Sorry to cut it so close,
but at least you're okay.
You timed it perfectly!
Now you can focus on
beating that creep!
Go, Yuya!
I'll do my best, yeah!
It's time to call on
my cast of monsters!
Get ready guys!
We're going lights out!
I don't get it.
(Frederick)
Don't worry!
You will get it, Sylvio!
Yeah an' a lot sooner
than you think!
Yuya's gonna
school you good!
C'mon, Yuya!
Pendulum!
Yeah let's see it!
Pendulum Summon!
(Yuya)
It's the moment you've
all been waiting for!
It's time to swing into action
and Pendulum Summon!
Along with my
fabulous monsters,
I proudly present
a very special performance!
You'll all recognize the first
members of our cast,
a pair of Pendulum
wonder‐workers...
Here comes Timegazer!
And Stargazer!
(Yuya)
Correct!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
♪
All right!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level two through seven
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
(Yuya)
Jump to it,
Performapal Turn Toad!
Sting your way
to victory,
Performapal Kaleidoscorp!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
All right Yuya!
No go on
the attack!
Attack with those losers?
Kaleidoscorp has
100 attack points.
And that ridiculous Toad
doesn't have any!
Challenging me
with those chumps is an insult!
(Yuya)
They may not look like much,
but these monsters have
hidden talents!
You think we're just
a bunch of pushovers,
but we're about to prove
you wrong, Sylvio.
We're not only
gonna win this duel,
we're gonna do it with style!
Kaleidoscorp, time to unleash
some razzle‐dazzle!
Kaleido‐light!
What are you doing
to my monster?
(Yuya)
Kaleidoscorp's special ability
activates if you have monsters
that were Pendulum Summoned.
Luckily you Pendulum summoned
Ultimate Dart Striker.
So what happens next
is all thanks to you!
What does that mean?
You'll find out soon.
Next, I have to select one of my
Pendulum Monsters...
Odd‐Eyes!
In a flash, Kaliedoscorp's
special ability turns Odd‐Eyes
into a triple threat!
It gives my Dragon the power
to attack each of
your monsters once!
(dragon roaring)
How pretty!
Now I'll show you something
even more eye catching...
Odd‐Eyes in battle!
Go!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
get set to strike!
Take out Ultimate Dart Striker!
It's quiz time!
Quick, who can tell me
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon's
special ability?
That's easy!
Whenever it attacks a monster
that's Level five or above,
the damage gets doubled!
Correct!
And all that damage
is heading one way...
Heading your way, Sylvio!
Can we talk this over?
Oh...
Nice to see our act
is making a splash!
Time for an encore!
Take out Rocket Dart Striker!
And once again...
the damage is doubled!
Not... again!
No...
(groans)
And now the grand finale,
attack Power Dart Striker!
Spiral Flame Strike!
Who wants to see
more double damage!
(all)
We do!
Well I vote no!
I'm outta here!
Ah...
Yuya, you managed to throw
everything you have at me,
but unfortunately for you...
I'm still standing!
You guys...
I don't think Yuya has
what it takes to win this.
(Frederick)
I don't think Yuya has
what it takes to win this.
I'm not worried.
And neither
is Yuya.
He's got a surprise planned.
Yeah, and I bet it's
a real show stopper!
Mhm, go for it, Yuya!
Thanks, guys,
but before I continue,
let me introduce two
important performers...
They're unimportant, not to
mention completely powerless
and ready to be squashed!
I've got to admit,
Turn Toad and Block Spider
aren't too terrifying...
... if I leave them as they are.
Excuse me‐‐ Ah!
I just have to turn
things around.
And that's where
Turn Toad comes in!
You ready to flip out?
Then jump to it!
May I present,
the amazing
Turn Toad trickeroo!
How did your Block Spider
suddenly gain
so many attack points?
Turn Toad's ability switched
Block Spider to attack mode
then gave it an attack point
boost that
equals half its defense points!
But that isn't fair!
You've got 1,200 life points
and Block Spider has the same
number of attack points.
So, can anyone here
tell me how many points
Sylvio will have left
if Block Spider attacks him now?
(Sylvio whining)
Feel free to chime in, guys!
(all)
He'll have zero points!
Okay, let's see
if your math is correct!
Get set, Block Spider...
Attack Sylvio directly!
N‐‐ No...
(Zuzu)
Way to go, Yuya!
You won the duel, but you're
losing your Pendulum cards!
Get them, guys!
Yeah!
Uh.
(all)
Whoa...
(boy)
Let that be a lesson!
Yuya rules and bullies drool!
Uh, who are you?
(laughs)
Someone who was amped
by your sweet skills!
So, do you study here
at the Leo Institute?
I was considering it,
but your moves changed my mind.
I'm making you my duel guru!
(surprised gasps)
Say what?
You want me
to teach you dueling?
Yup!
If I'm gonna bear down and
learn to duel I wanna have fun!
Your duel wasn't the most
impressive I ever saw,
but it was the most
duel‐taining!
How'd you stop n' drop
those guys?
I just caught 'em by surprise.
It was no big deal.
My name's Sora
by the way!
It's cool to meet you guys!
(Yuya)
Yeah!
Great to meet you, too!
Don't just lay there!
Get up and take
his Pendulum Cards!
No.
Leave it be.
But, Mr. President!
That kid is starting
to intrigue me.
Yuya Sakaki...
There may be more to him
than I expected.
♪